Improvements for nest documentation based on recent user issues (#18599)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/nest.markdown

This integration supports two Nest APIs. The SDM API is the new primary API that accepts new users. The Legacy Works With Nest API is not accepting new users, but the documentation still exists at the bottom of the page so existing users can keep using it.
</div>

> Google applies strict [Redirect URI validation
> rules](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2/web-server#uri-validation) to keep your login
> crendentials secure. In practice, this means that you must access Home Assistant *over SSL* and a *public top-level domain*.  See the documentation on [Securing](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/configuration/securing/) or [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting), and note that you don't need actually need to enable remote access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Google applies strict [Redirect URI validation
rules](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2/web-server#uri-validation) to keep your login
credentials secure. In practice, this means that you must access Home Assistant *over SSL* and a *public top-level domain*. See the documentation on [Securing](/docs/configuration/securing/) or [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting), and note that you don't need actually need to enable remote access.
```
